---
authors: jay
description: Questions raised on 2024-04-01
---

# Questions on 2024-04-01

1. ~Asset Template Live and Staging is Not Same.~ [**Resolved**]

2. Live Got Serial No./ Model/ Brand for Asset --> Which Fields from SAP to Map with those fields?

    :::tip[Answer]

    * `Item No.` and `Model` are the same thing. We can just maintain 1 field. In SAP, it is `ItemCode`

    * `Brand` in SC is `U_ProductBrand` in SAP Sales Order under each `DocumentLines`

    * `Warranty` in SC is `U_wst` in SAP Item Master

        :::note

        If value is `null` or `-` treat the value as `NA` in SC

        :::

    * `Serial No.` (This is the asset name in SC), it should map to `U_SB_No`

        :::note[Example]

        E.g. `U_SB_No` is `S0001,S0002,S0003`. You will need to split the string to obtain each serial number.

        :::

    :::

3. Based on all conversations earlier, Can we conclude that we only need to call handle-activity for SAP on Activity Completed?

4. If Yes, in Number 3 --> Can we use Reminder to Call `SAP_NODE_JS/handle-activity?activity_id=ref_id_encoded`?

5. Assume this scenario, Completed an ACTIVITY --> We created the ACTIVITY IN SAP. Then, again IN_PROGRESS the ACTIVITY --> then COMPLETED again. How to handle? Based on current logic, ACTIVITY will be creatd again on SAP.

6. If No, in Number 3 --> Where to call the SAP_HANDLE_ACTIVITY API?

    :::tip[Answer for question 3, 4, 5 and 6]

    No need to create any activity in SAP side. Fortesys engineers will create and manage the activities in SC only.

    The only automation needed is upon activity status **Closed** and update the UAT and SR DF as an *Attachment* in SAP Service Call level. See [create attachment document](/docs/create-attachment) on the process of creating attachment.

    :::

7. Asset & Products Exists chekcing cannot use search API. So I used /fortesys/exists. Are we going to use search API later?

    :::tip[Answer]

    Do not use **/fortesys/exists** API to handle asset and product checking. Instea, use the APIs listed in [this page](/docs/asset-product-checking) to handle.

    :::

8. If Asset & Products not exists in SC, we created those. Do we also need to attach those?

9. If Yes in Number 8, Where to attach Assests? To both End User & Service Call?

    :::tip[Answer for question 8 and 9]

    Yes, we need to attach the asset and products. Attach assets to both customer and project level. As for product, attach to project level only.

    :::

10. If Yes in Number 8, Which are the Quantity/Price/Notes fields for Products?
